projection creation rank error with too many param (#186)
KxSystems/docs: docs/basics/application.md

When projecting a [variadic function](variadic.md) the argument list must always be full-length.

> Since 4.1t 2021.12.07 projection creation from a lambda/foreign will result in a rank error if too many parameters defined, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 4.1t 2021.12.07 projection creation from a lambda/foreign results in a rank error if too many parameters are defined, e.g.
```
